I think we should just nuke the whole country and start fresh.
Well, that escalated quickly.
This is why we can't have nice things.
I can't believe people are actually taking this seriously.
Clearly, the aliens have arrived and are behind this.
I blame the Illuminati.
I always knew the government was hiding something.
Why is this even news?
What a time to be alive.
I feel sorry for the person who has to clean up this mess.
I'm just glad I'm not the only one who thinks this is ridiculous.
I wonder if they used a magic spell to make this happen.
I don't know what's worse, the article or the comments section.
I think I need to take a break from the internet for a while.
I didn't know stupidity was contagious.
Can we just all agree to pretend this never happened?
I'm convinced that the world is coming to an end.
I'm pretty sure my cat would make a better leader than any of these politicians.
I'm beginning to think that the internet was a mistake.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that this is fake news.
I can't decide if I'm more amused or horrified by these comments.
I hope the writer of this article got a good laugh out of all the crazy comments.
I think we need to have a moment of silence for all the brain cells that died reading this article.
I'm pretty sure that the apocalypse is happening as we speak.
I think my IQ just dropped a few points after reading this.
Is this what the world has come to?
I'm going to need a drink after reading all of these comments.
I think it's time for me to move to another planet.
I'm convinced that some people shouldn't be allowed on the internet.
I'm pretty sure that the comments section is just a breeding ground for trolls.
I'm starting to wonder if we should just ban the internet altogether.
I think my brain just exploded.
I'm going to need therapy after reading all of these comments.
I think we need to have a national day of mourning for all the brain cells that were lost here.
I can't believe people actually get paid to write this stuff.
I think we should just give up on humanity at this point.
I'm pretty sure that the apocalypse has already happened and nobody told us.
I'm starting to think that the world would be a better place without the internet.
I think it's time for me to go live in a cave somewhere.
I'm pretty sure that the comments section is just a simulation of hell.
I'm starting to think that the human race is doomed.
I'm pretty sure that the Mayans were right about the end of the world.
I think I just lost all faith in humanity.
I'm going to need to take a shower after reading these comments.
I can't believe people actually take this seriously.
I think we need to send all of these commenters to a remote island somewhere.
I'm pretty sure that the world is run by a bunch of monkeys.
I can't believe they spent so much time reporting on this. Who cares about a cat stuck in a tree?
I bet the aliens did it!
This is fake news. I refuse to believe it.
I could have written a better article than this.
LOL, looks like someone didn't proofread before publishing.
Why are they wasting our tax dollars on this nonsense?
I can't believe I wasted my time reading this.
I knew it! The government is covering up the real story!
This is so boring. Can we please get some real news?
I think my pet hamster could do a better job reporting on this.
I can't believe they're calling this news. It's more like gossip.
Wow, this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read.
This is why I don't trust the media anymore.
Who cares about celebrity drama? Give me some real news.
I can't believe they made a whole article out of a tweet.
I think I lost brain cells reading this.
This is such a waste of time.
I can't believe they're actually paying someone to write this.
This article gave me a headache.
I'm so bored right now. Why did I click on this?
Is this really what passes for news these days?
I can't believe I wasted my time reading about someone's Instagram post.
Why are they even reporting on this? It's not even newsworthy.
This is so dumb.
I think I need to find a new source for my news.
I can't believe they're still talking about this. It happened weeks ago!
This is such a waste of space on the website.
I can't believe someone thought this was worth reporting on.
This is so ridiculous it's almost funny.
Who cares about this? Give us something important to read!
I'm pretty sure my cat could write a better article than this.
Why are they even reporting on this? It's not like it affects anyone.
This is such a non-story.
I can't believe they're giving this so much attention.
This is such a clickbait headline.
I can't believe I fell for this clickbait.
This is such a waste of my time.
I don't even know why I bother reading the news anymore.
This is so ridiculous it's not even worth commenting on.
I can't believe they're actually publishing this garbage.
This is such a non-issue.
I can't believe they're giving this so much airtime.
Why are they even reporting on this? It's not like anyone cares.
This is such a waste of pixels.
I'm pretty sure my 5-year-old could write a better article than this.
This is such a non-event.
I can't believe they're still talking about this. Move on already!
This is such a waste of bandwidth.
I can't believe I wasted my time clicking on this.
This is such a non-story it's almost laughable.
Why are they even reporting on this? It's not like it's important.
I think aliens did it.
The government is hiding something!